# Release 2022.9.2-alpha

This is a complete rework of Patchfox. I've outlined the challenges and decisions regarding the future of Patchfox in [Patchfox reborn as a desktop app](https://andregarzia.com/2022/05/Patchfox-reborn-as-a-desktop-app.html). 

Patchfox is now an Electron-based application. What you're using now is an alpha quality release.

# WARNINGS

This is an alpha version of Patchfox.

This version uses `db1`, it is not compatible with existing `db2` installations such as Manyverse and Perihelion.

Patchfox will attempt to use your current installed identity. You can choose to let Patchfox run its own server or keep using  other SSB clients as a server for Patchfox. The setup dialog will ask you that. Patchfox will reindex the database if needed. This process might take a while (there is a dialog showing the progress). If you switch back from Patchfox to Patchwork, Patchwork will reindex the database to its taste.

Patchfox saves its configuration to `~/.ssb/patchfox.toml`, this file is sensitive, **IT HAS YOUR SECRET/KEYS IN IT**. Patchfox can use multiple identities and you can set it up so that it uses a totally different identity than the one installed in the local machine. Because of that, instead of assuming you want to use the current `~/.ssb/secret` as an identity Patchfox will ask you about it during _setup_, and store whatever keys you chose to use in its own configuration file.

**DO NOT SHARE THAT FILE.**

## Changes

oh boy...

## I SAID CHANGES

Okay, besides the whole _Patchfox is now a desktop app_ change, I've replaced all Svelte-based code with [Mithril](https://mithril.js.org)-based code. That means that Patchfox no longer requires a build system to transpile its source code into something a browser can understand. This makes development a lot faster and also makes it easier to reason about the code.
